update readme (#1954)
OfficeDev/office-js: README.md

To install "office-js" locally via the NPM package, run the following command:

> npm install @microsoft/office-js --save
<br />

> Our policy requires that developers always reference the latest version of Office.js library. This is done to ensure that essential product updates are served quickly to the Office add-ins by always referencing the latest release of the library for a given version, such as Generally Available (GA) version. Given that the latest Office.js release is backward-compatible with prior releases, it is safe to update to the most recent release of the library when one is available. Hence, only the latest version of Office.js NPM package is made available for installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our policy requires that developers always reference the latest version of Office.js library. This is to ensure that essential product updates are served quickly to the Office Add-ins by always referencing the latest release of the library for a given version, such as Generally Available (GA) version. Given that the latest Office.js release is backward-compatible with prior releases, it is safe to update to the most recent release of the library when one is available. Hence, only the latest version of Office.js NPM package is made available for installation.
```

For example, if you add the contents of the `dist` folder to the `assets/office-js` directory of your project, then you'd add the following `<script>` tag to your HTML file:

```html
<script src="/assets/office-js/office.js"></script>
```
<br />

## IntelliSense definitions

TypeScript definitions for Office.js are available.

- For latest **RELEASE** version of Office.js:
  - DefinitelyTyped: <https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/types/office-js/index.d.ts>
  - @types: `@types/office-js`.  (Acquire as `npm install @types/office-js --save-dev`)
- For latest **BETA** version of Office.js:
  - DefinitelyTyped: <https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/types/office-js-preview/index.d.ts>
  - @types: `@types/office-js-preview`.  (Acquire as `npm install @types/office-js-preview --save-dev`)
- For **any** version:
  - Inside of the NPM package, under `dist/office.d.ts`
  - In this repo: [dist/office.d.ts](dist/office.d.ts)

> ### Using TypeScript definitions with the NPM package

Reviewer: We should probably fix the use of gerund verbs in headings at some point!

Author: fixed

> If you are using the Office.js NPM package for the [firewall scenario](#target-scenarios) and want a d.ts file that precisely matches the JS contents, use the d.ts file that is located within the `/dist/office.d.ts` folder of the NPM package. You can achieve this by using a [triple-slash reference](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/triple-slash-directives.html). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Office.js NPM package for the [firewall scenario](#target-scenarios) and want a d.ts file that precisely matches the JS contents, use the d.ts file that is located within the `/dist/office.d.ts` folder of the NPM package. Achieve this by using a [triple-slash reference](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/triple-slash-directives.html). 
```
This is per Microsoft Voice and Style guide:
1. Project friendliness
2. Revise weak wrting
https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2696&topicid=29324
or https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/top-10-tips-style-voice

> - **Tip**: If you create a `references.ts` file at the root of the project, you can simply point the reference to `office.d.ts` there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- > [!TIP]
> If you create a `references.ts` file at the root of the project, simply point the reference to `office.d.ts` there.
```

> - **Tip**: If you create a `references.ts` file at the root of the project, you can simply point the reference to `office.d.ts` there.

Author: What does > [!TIP] do?

note: this readme is used for the NPM website as well: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/office-js

Reviewer: Never mind, that's for docs. It formats the markdown. It shouldn't be applied here, my fault.

> If you do not need the firewall scenario, obtain the TypeScript definitions by using `@types/office-js` and reference the Office.js CDN at <https://appsforoffice.microsoft.com/lib/1/hosted/office.js>. You don't need to use the Office.js NPM package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't need the firewall scenario, obtain the TypeScript definitions by using `@types/office-js` and reference the Office.js CDN at <https://appsforoffice.microsoft.com/lib/1/hosted/office.js>. You don't need to use the Office.js NPM package.
```

### Enabling IntelliSense in Visual Studio

Visual Studio 2017+ can use these same TypeScript definitions, even for regular JavaScript. For JavaScript IntelliSense in earlier versions of Visual Studio, an `office-vsdoc.js` is available alongside the `office.js` file. As long as you have a `Scripts/_references.js` file in your VS project, and as long as you substitute the existing triple-slash reference (`/// <reference path="https://.../office.js" />`) with the new location (the `-vsdoc` part gets substituted automatically, so use it just as you would in a `<script src="">` reference), you should have the corresponding JavaScript IntelliSense.

## Accessing the NPM files via a CDN

> In addition to downloading the files locally, they may be used via an external service like <https://unpkg.com>, which provides best-effort (no uptime guarantees) CDN hosting for npm packages.  This is especially useful for trying out custom builds. To do so, simply change the script reference to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to downloading the files locally, they may be used via an external service like <https://unpkg.com>, which provides best-effort (no uptime guarantees) CDN hosting for npm packages. This is especially useful for trying out custom builds. To do so, simply change the script reference to:
```

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/@microsoft/office-js/dist/office.js"></script>
```

> The different versions of the NPM package are listed in the dropdown on the top right at <https://unpkg.com/@microsoft/office-js/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The different versions of the NPM package are listed  on the top right in the dropdown list at <https://unpkg.com/@microsoft/office-js/>.
```
